Cleanups in real numbers (#1675)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/real-numbers/saturation-inequality-nonnegative-real-numbers.lagda.md

module real-numbers.saturation-inequality-nonnegative-real-numbers where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-rational-numbers

open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.transport-along-identifications
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import real-numbers.addition-nonnegative-real-numbers
open import real-numbers.inequality-nonnegative-real-numbers
open import real-numbers.inequality-real-numbers
open import real-numbers.nonnegative-real-numbers
open import real-numbers.saturation-inequality-real-numbers
open import real-numbers.similarity-nonnegative-real-numbers
```

</details>

## Idea

If `x ≤ y + ε` for [nonnegative](real-numbers.nonnegative-real-numbers.md)
[real numbers](real-numbers.dedekind-real-numbers.md) `x` and `y` and every
[positive rational](elementary-number-theory.positive-rational-numbers.md) `ε`,
then `x ≤ y`.

Despite being a property of
[inequality of nonnegative real numbers](real-numbers.inequality-nonnegative-real-numbers.md),
this is much easier to prove via
[strict inequality](real-numbers.strict-inequality-nonnegative-real-numbers.md),

> so it is moved to its own file to prevent circular dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so this page is dedicated to just this property to prevent circular dependency.
```
